PPPSYS-38741 appended unnamed campaign parameters override (#979)
PiwikPRO/PPMS-PublicDocs: data_collection/processing/channel_detection.rst

This section describes how Piwik PRO Analytics detects a channel from the tracked event. The order this section is arranged by represents the order of detection. Detection stops when the conditions of the currently processed step are met.

    .. note::

>         Despite detected channel, dimensions ``source``, ``medium``, ``referrer_keyword`` and ``keyword``  can be overwritten by passed in url campaign parameters. Such parameters are called ``unnamed campaign parameters``, as they miss ``campaign name`` parameter, which would assign such event to the ``campaign`` category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Despite detected channel, dimensions ``source``, ``medium``, ``referrer_keyword`` and ``keyword``  can be overwritten by URL defined campaign parameters. Such parameters are called ``unnamed campaign parameters``, as they miss ``campaign name`` parameter (otherwise such event would be processed as ``Campaign`` type).
```
